Your concentration during the month of april is peak. Thats becuase you are stable with your thoughts and someone is constantly pressurizing to work and you have no 
    option but work. Also you have understood the importance of knowledge as , only it bring you value in front of the people. Goolging everything and asking people can 
    only fetch you far in the industry or anything for that matter. I have seen khilesh googling every time and so does he carry that kind of knowledge.I have seen Sachin
    who is dumb because his communication skills are not that great , because people judge you on how you communicate and status , appearance matters too. 
    Not using earphones have increased my efficiency like anything. 
    
Always choose positive words and have a clear visualization of every step you take, visualization will save you from many blunders, for that before taking any decisions 
    always visualize things patiently.
    
Approach towards how to solve a problem can yeild good or bad results. Take everything as a problem and find a solution to it , first apply brute force solution to the 
    problem and bring in optimized solutions. Be it any simple task or lifeStyle or the way you are , treat everyting as a small problems for wihch you have to 
    find solutions to make it better and solvable, this will give you a good perception and pratice towards the solving problem in every aspect.

Work on weekends/mondays/tuesdays like crazy with full concentration, work during early-mornings/evenings/nights. During the market time only trade!!!!!

Youtube videos dhekne se kuch nahi hoga, practically karna padta hai cheese!!!!!!

Coding is a big thing, you should do it correctly and efficiently or else you will be questioned and also you have to be smart enough to make the code scalable and follow
    clean code practices.
    
Learn communication skills or else people will rule over you and fuck you up.

keep asking questions for everything , literally everything , also you should become strong to defend your opinions and not just say ok to everything (be kind too).

Whatever a single thing you take, you should be able to talk about it in depth. Knowledge plays a role in communication, to talk something , you should have something in mind.

Khilesh told me that if he was my interviewer , he wouldnot have hired me at all. What a shame Gagana.

Take it as a challenge and learn things.


